Okay, hey everyone, this video is an attempt to show how I operate three Z15 machines to
mine Zcash.
If this beast lets me do it.
So we're in the basement of a family house and here we have three Z15 machines immersed
in oil and the one on the left or on the right mined the first block using Zebra.
The one in the middle didn't work at that time because one of the ASICs burned and needed
to be removed.
You can see a missing heat sink there and each miner has three hashboards and each hashboard
has three ASICs and together they generate 4.5 kilowatts of heat.
You can sort of see the oil shimmering there and the hot oil enters the hole and it runs
through this pipe and this pump to this heat exchanger between oil and water and then the
cold oil enters the enclosure at the bottom.
The other side of the exchanger is connected to the central heating in the house and the
cold water from the central heating runs through this pump and pipe and enters the exchanger
at the bottom and then the hot water runs out to this barrel which is an electric heater
that can be used as a backup and then the hot water runs up into the radiators.
The mess on the wall is just from welding the pipes up there.
The hot water also enters a water tank through this pump and the water tank provides hot
water for the house.
Here we have an electric box.
Massive kudos to my brother who came up with it and also made it and also who made most
of the plumbing and many important details such as these metal rods that can adjust the
height of the enclosure by just twisting them.
They are welded to the construction supporting the enclosure and we use them to set the level
of the surface of the oil.
The electric box contains this single board computer.
The green heartbeat means that everything is good.
The computer scrapes the temperatures of the ASICs from the web interfaces of the miners
and uses the maximum temperature to prevent overheating of the miners by opening this
valve.
When the valve is open the hot water starts running down the garden hose that we used
because we didn't have anything else at that time but it seems to be working well.
The water then goes into this industrial heater and the computer also turns on this fan and
the excess heat then runs up an old chimney.
The last bit is the solar system that uses this 15 kilowatt hour battery that is connected
to this solar inverter.
The power of the solar panels connected to the inverter is 15 kilowatts which is the
maximum that the inverter can take and it helps to offset the consumption of this whole
thing and that's all about it.